Infinum/feature/spm-carthage (#31)
infinum/Locker: README.md

pod install
```

#### Swift Package Manager

> Add the dependency to your `Package.swift` and use in your target
> 
> ```swift
> dependencies: [
>     .package(url: "https://github.com/infinum/Locker.git", .upToNextMajor(from: "2.0.0"))
> ]
> ```
> 
> Sample `Package.swift`
> 
> ```swift
> let package = Package(
>     name: "YourDependency",
>     products: [
>         .library(name: "YourDependency", targets: ["YourDependency"])
>     ],
>     dependencies: [
>         .package(url: "https://github.com/infinum/Locker.git", .upToNextMajor(from: "2.0.0")),
>     ],
>     targets: [
>         .target(
>             name: "YourDependency",
>             dependencies: [.product(name: "Locker", package: "Locker")]
>         )
>     ]
> )
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Locker from the Swift Package Manager, you should:
* In Xcode 11+ select File → Packages → Add Package Dependency
* Enter project's URL: https://github.com/infinum/Locker.git

For more information, check [Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/) .
```

What you have described is addint the SPM as dependency into other spm libraries. Just change it with this as this is enough for addint the Locker into the project :)

Reviewer: And consider removing the intro sentence: 
```
The easiest way to use Locker in your project is by using the CocoaPods package manager.
```

Also, check if you are missing this:
```
#### Carthage

For the Carthage installation and usage instruction, you can check official [quick start documentation](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#quick-start).

To integrate the library into your Xcode project, specify it in your `Cartfile`:

\```
github "infinum/Locker"
\```

Run `carthage update`.
```

Author: Added a new sentence under the Installation section to showcase that now we support CocoaPods, SPM and Carthage

#### Swift Package Manager

To install Locker from the Swift Package Manager, you should:
* In Xcode 11+ select File → Packages → Add Package Dependency
* Enter project's URL: https://github.com/infinum/Locker.git

For more information, check [Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/).

#### Carthage

For the Carthage installation and usage instruction, you can check official [quick start documentation](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#quick-start).

To integrate the library into your Xcode project, specify it in your `Cartfile`:

\```
github "infinum/Locker"

> \```

Reviewer: Just remove `\` from the ``` :)
